Hello everyone guys with you free club
Today we have another review to us
The product came this is a tablet
and 7-inch now I'll show you here
such a model to so model we have from the firm
sharp
tablet computer model t-72 x3 jeep
and now we will tell show that they
represent themselves a complete set and
technical character from guys now
this tablet accessories equipment
very simple standard charger
device headphones headphones go in
complete cord and adapter for wesby
it will be possible to put the flash drive so
tablet and we have something else here
warranty card corporate
and instructions and user guides
I want to note that the guide
user
beautiful book in Russian only
there is no English language
There Chinese characters there are very
high-quality very high quality pictures
with a very very detailed description then
there is even any inexperienced user
will be able to tweak the tablet and figure it out
in all its characteristics and all its
applications that are standard
go to your tablet
Here we have a tablet 7 inches small
the screen is quite like this
nimble nimble modelka here I am
included so what can you say about this
modelku
Well, I want to note immediately its prices
Now he is with us on the stock is 2990
rubles in stores it is sold approximately
we compared prices of 3,700 and slightly higher
somewhere at within there 4000 period 3
700 to four from us can be purchased for
2 990 what we get for this money
bright 7 inch display
its including very nimble by the way very
easy to react but everything flies
ok very sensitive
operating system android 4 1
good dual core processor 1 and 2
each core has its own memory of 4 gigabytes
RAM one gigabyte
then it will all go almost
applications and toys that are unlikely
will also slow down here
good built-in player with the presence of
equalizer external speaker
this sound is also good enough
it has two cameras front and rear
so we have a head
external camera yes it turns out 2
megapixel and internal camera 0 3
megapixel standard all connectors
that is, under the headphones charging standard
the tablet once again remind you very smart
2 sim cards are inserted in it
it supports 3g that is free
can go with him to the internet by the way
my yuzali normally goes online
very very well inserted beeline
narrow sim card
normally fly does not slow down that is
very very such a decent model then
you can call him now you know
quite a few phones have already gone with
big screen each
if someone wants it can
use generic like phone right
put a sim card and you can by it
talk take calls all
completely
well click here we turn go
in phone mode here we have
if a sim card is inserted
display all contacts now with us
it is not worth it so the field is empty
You can also dial our phone here.
also dialing clicked all called as
on a regular phone
to summarize the excellent budget model
to well agree for 2 990
very good worthy model all
everything works very quickly
operatively therefore recommend everyone here
he is like the goods of the day
good price buy subscribe
necessarily on our channel to our group
do not forget that we pass
constantly contests
all all good luck guys all all bye